[ACR-1531] Update sensor guide with new feature (#1083)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/native/guides/location-sensors/device-sensors.md

The Heart Rate Monitor (HRM) LED green sensor measures the amount of green light that is reflected back from a person's blood vessel.

The following table lists the measurement data that the HRM LED green sensor provides:

**Table: Measurement data detected by the HRM LED green sensor**

| Measurement                      | Type                 | Range                                   | Unit         |
|----------------------------------|----------------------|-----------------------------------------|--------------|
| Timestamp                        | `unsigned long long` | -                                       | Microseconds |
| values[0]: HRM green light value | `int`                | Min. value = 0<br> Max. value = 4194304 | -            |

<a name="hrm_green_batch"></a>
## Heart Rate Monitor LED Green batch Sensor

> The Heart Rate Monitor (HRM) LED green batch sensor measures the amount of green light that is reflected back from a person's blood vessel. The sensor must be power-efficient and work in a batch manner.

Reviewer: As a conclusion on our discussion https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1083#discussion_r411830136 , we suggested the following update: 
```suggestion
The Heart Rate Monitor (HRM) LED green batch sensor measures the amount of green light that is reflected back from a person's blood vessel. The sensor must be power-efficient and support batch processing.
```
@bbrto21 if you think this update doesn't change the meaning,
would you please apply this update?

Author: @nawab-samsung Thank you for suggestion, I accept your opinion and updated it

| Measurement                      | Type                 | Range                                   | Unit         |
|----------------------------------|----------------------|-----------------------------------------|--------------|
| Timestamp                        | `unsigned long long` | -                                       | Microseconds |
| values[0]: HRM green light value | `int`                | Min. value = 0<br> Max. value = 4194304 | -            |

<a name="hrm_green_batch"></a>
## Heart Rate Monitor LED Green batch Sensor

The Heart Rate Monitor (HRM) LED green batch sensor measures the amount of green light that is reflected back from a person's blood vessel. The sensor must be power-efficient and work in a batch manner.

> The following table lists the measurement data that the HRM LED green batch sensor provides.

Reviewer: Global:

@bbrto21  I think you have missed my comment 
The lines such as 
 The following table lists the measurement data that the HRM LED green batch sensor provides.

```suggestion
The following table lists the measurement data that the HRM LED green batch sensor provides:
```
You need to replace the period with the colon because a table follows up. 
Grammatically, a colon does the job of directing you to the information following it.

Author: @nawab-samsung 
Should I replace the period with the colon? 
As you mentioned above, there are the same things throughout this document. Should I replace them all?

Reviewer: @bbrto21 yes kindly replace . with : 
Ideally yes, that's the best practice to follow, as the sentence is followed by table so : must be used.

Author: I changed all the instances.

Reviewer: @bbrto21  thanks, will check and let you know if any further changes are needed.

| Measurement                      | Type                 | Range                                   | Unit         |
|----------------------------------|----------------------|-----------------------------------------|--------------|
| Timestamp                        | `unsigned long long` | -                                       | Microseconds |
| values[0]: HRM green light value | `int`                | Min. value = 0<br> Max. value = 4194304 | -            |

<a name="hrm_green_batch"></a>
## Heart Rate Monitor LED Green Batch Sensor

The Heart Rate Monitor (HRM) LED green batch sensor measures the amount of green light that is reflected back from a person's blood vessel,

> it must be power-efficient and work in a batch manner.

Author: @nawab-samsung I fixed it

> it must be power-efficient and work in a batch manner.

Reviewer: @mijin85cho 

How about this? Kindly let me know about your opinion. 

The Heart Rate Monitor (HRM) LED green batch sensor measures the amount of green light that is reflected back from a person's blood vessel. The sensor must be power-efficient and support batch processing. 

If we change here, we need to change it at 475 also, if you feel this is fine, we can proceed with changing that too on similar lines.

> it must be power-efficient and work in a batch manner.

Reviewer 2: @nawab-samsung I think that update is good. Also I see @bbrto21 accepted it.

> it must be power-efficient and work in a batch manner.

Reviewer: @mijin85cho thanks!

> The following table lists the measurement data that the HRM LED green sensor provides.

Reviewer 2: @nawab-samsung For this page, how about following other table's style, not changing the other parts?
In this page it looks like we'd better to focus on the changed part, not other parts.

Beside, in general case, as you said, we don't need the table caption if the leading line is already describing the table.

> The following table lists the measurement data that the HRM LED green sensor provides.

Author: @mijin85cho I fixed it

> The following table lists the measurement data that the HRM LED green sensor provides.

Reviewer: @mijin85cho yes, thats why I asked for  your opinion. 
Thanks, I too feel we should keep as is by not changing.

**Table: Measurement data detected by the HRM LED green sensor**

| Measurement                      | Type                 | Range                                    | Unit         |
|----------------------------------|----------------------|------------------------------------------|--------------|
| Timestamp                        | `unsigned long long` | -                                        | Microseconds |
| values[0]: HRM green light value | `int`                | Min. value = 0<br> Max. value = 4194304  | -            |
| values[1]: X                     | `int`                | Min. value = -4096<br> Max. value = 4096 | -            |
| values[2]: Y                     | `int`                | Min. value = -4096<br> Max. value = 4096 | -            |
| values[3]: Z                     | `int`                | Min. value = -4096<br> Max. value = 4096 | -            |

> | values[4]: index                 | `int`                | Sequential index of sensor event         | -            |

Author: @nawab-samsung I fixed it

| Timestamp                   | `unsigned long long` | -                                   | Microseconds |
| values[0]: Beats per minute | `int`                | Min. value = 0<br> Max. value = 240 | -            |

<a name="hrm_batch"></a>
## Heart Rate Monitor Batch Sensor

> The Heart Rate Monitor (HRM) batch sensor measures a person's heart rate. The sensor must be power-efficient and work in a batch manner.

Reviewer: As a conclusion on our discussion https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1083#discussion_r411830136 , we suggested the following update: 
```suggestion
The Heart Rate Monitor (HRM) batch sensor measures a person's heart rate. The sensor must be power-efficient and support batch processing.
```
@bbrto21 if you think this update doesn't change the meaning,
would you please apply this update?

| Timestamp                   | `unsigned long long` | -                                   | Microseconds |
| values[0]: Beats per minute | `int`                | Min. value = 0<br> Max. value = 240 | -            |

<a name="hrm_batch"></a>
## Heart Rate Monitor Batch Sensor

> The Heart Rate Monitor (HRM) Batch sensor measures a person's heart rate, it must be power-efficient and work in a batch manner.

Reviewer 2: @nawab-samsung Also, I think this sentence flow is not natural as line 416. How about separating this into two sentences?

The Heart Rate Monitor (HRM) batch sensor measures a person's heart rate. The sensor must be power-efficient and work in a batch manner.

> The Heart Rate Monitor (HRM) Batch sensor measures a person's heart rate, it must be power-efficient and work in a batch manner.

Author: @nawab-samsung I fixed it

> The following table lists the measurement data that the HRM sensor provides.

Reviewer 2: According to the description, it would be "HRM batch sensor".
@bbrto21 , would you please check?

Also, I have a question. We can see the tables for HRM sensor and HRM batch sensor are different. Is there any reason for the different detected values between these two sensors?

Author: @mijin85cho They are different sensors and it is MCD requirements.

**Table: Measurement data detected by the HRM sensor**

| Measurement                          | Type                       | Range                               | Unit         |
|--------------------------------------|----------------------------|-------------------------------------|--------------|
| Timestamp                            | `unsigned long long`       | -                                   | Microseconds |

> | values[0]: state                     | `sensor_hrm_batch_state_e` | -                                   | -            |

Reviewer: One doubt : Is s of state intentionally kept in small or else it needs to be in capital letters ?

Author: @nawab-samsung I fixed it
